yo what up I just got a question from
the audience on livestream asking me
whether or not I think a particular
youtuber is racist and let me just say
me and racism go way back like car seats
I've been addressing racism on this
channel under a whole bunch of different
headings some of my most viewed videos
were addressing racism for example Corey
McCarthy Tara McCarthy the question of
why vegan gains was co-signing Tara
McCarthy and Corey McCarthy racism and
neo-nazis had come up under a bunch of
different headings and memorably I
addressed one guy just a really short
video most of my videos are over 10
minutes long but they're a really short
video addressing guy who was expressing
revisionist views about the Holocaust he
repeatedly disclaimed that he's not a
Holocaust denier but long story short
the guy is oh no here's why I mentioned
this in prefaced answering this question
from the audience my old nemesis
unnatural vegan also made a response to
that guy the putative Holocaust and
irony in that same scenario sort of
clear were not talking about Corey
McCarthy here we're talking about
another guy who made specific questions
about what he believed didn't didn't
happen well gosh and of course his
beliefs are based on Google searches of
neo-nazi websites right so you know like
his sources of information are
pathetically one-sided and biased and
he's a grown man he's not a teenager
we're not talking to a 14 year old or
something he's old enough to know better
and he's also old enough to know better
after people telling better you know
because he had people breaking down
forms my time and he just didn't want to
hear it so he's been given every
opportunity to put the pieces together
and get straight with the facts he
didn't want to unnatural vegan when she
responded to this guy and this
short-lived phenomenon of people
freaking out about this Holocaust denier
within the vegan movement here are vegan
YouTube I mean all kinds of people going
to be vegan he's not the worst human
being to become vegan because soap isn't
the best you know you're going to meet a
lot of strange people if you meet a lot
of strange beings but unnatural vegan in
her response to this said she did not
consider this man to be a Holocaust
denier she simply considered him to
express some of the same views as all
customers she said she did not consider
him to be a neo-nazi but he expressed
tennis he expressed views or blue he
espoused beliefs that are the same
beliefs as a neo-nazi or where do you
draw the line oh why why are we drawing
a line why would you online at all right
now I think the ultimate reason why we
don't need to draw a line is that here
on YouTube the broadcaster is the editor
right I do think there's situations for
someone as an emotional meltdown like
you know on the street somebody else is
filming it and they're really not
racists but in that circumstance they
said something to get it that's
different in this situation we're
talking about carefully edited scripted
and rehearsed statements about politics
and then the people themselves get to
sit there calm down watch it edit it
upload it we what you know there's a
process right I think people forget that
about like the Corey McCarthy Hansen or
any of these incidents it's not like I
had a hidden camera and this guy was
just angry at a particular employee at
Starbucks and said something racist that
is different I mean human beings make
mistakes I think we can all be
magnanimous when you're talking about
the government no more time here at all
we're talking about expressed contrived
political views connected to racism
anti-semitism neo-nazis the history of
World War two or how they view black
people how they view Jewish people etc
at sentencing right and they themselves
are not just a broadcaster the V editor
they had the delete button right that's
a huge difference and for example let's
say somebody on CNN had a meltdown in
the middle of a broadcast you know was
going live I would regard that
differently that's not what we're
talking about there is no difference
between expressing a political belief
and being a political belief okay when
you espouse that you believe something
you are something when we're talking
about grown adults that is it do people
change course the change people change
their views people make decisions based
on the information available to them at
the time and I can remember reading
about a scholar of Buddhism who briefly
became a Holocaust denier destroyed his
career destroyed his reputation but
the research he was doing during that
brief period led him to question the
lies he was learning basically from
neo-nazi websites and other you know
right-wing propaganda sources any
eventually discovered that yes the
Holocaust is real and you know the death
camps really existed the gas chambers
really existed and he ended up
recounting those views and changing okay
so the question I just got from
livestream is vegan cheetah Charles is
he racist
Charles in rehearsed and edited and
contrived videos makes statements that
are racist
therefore is reasonable to say that he
is racist there is no line for us to
draw between these two things in the
past there were some unrehearsed
spontaneous moments where he was joking
around with his brother and said things
that were slightly racist I hold that to
a different standard as of as I
mentioned if you're quoting a rap lyric
if you're just drunk and angry at your
girlfriend that's different but we're
talking about rehearsed edited
statements about politics statements of
a deeply personal nature but also
political nature shared with a clear
political purpose so does that make you
racist the question I would ask you is
if it doesn't what does